In the repo I've got
tons of other links here.
There's a few GitHub pages that also
collect lots of links around Web Audio and
one of the,
if we go to awesome-web-audio here.
One of the things worth highlighting
maybe is some of the resources here.
One of the great ones is
the Web Audio weekly newsletter,
pretty much every week or more or less.
I think it's Chris, yeah, Chris Lewis
is putting out these newsletters around
Web Audio and what's happening
in sort of the Web Audio space.
And if you're interested in Web Audio and
just continuing to explore this,
it's this really vast space.
And Chris has been putting together
links in terms of finding all the things
on the web that are happening here.
And there's tons,
it's hard to just encompass all
the different work that's going on.
Because what I've been exploring today is
much more on the visualization side and
sort of synthesis and
sort of maybe the more art side.
But then there's a lot of tools
in terms of MIDI sequencers and
in terms of DJ tools and VJ tools and
modular synthesis tools
happening with the web.
And it really is this massive rabbit
hole that I feel I've just been very
gently scratching the surface of.
So I would definitely recommend
checking out some of these links and
just diving into to seeing what else
there is within this Web Audio space.